---
title: The Klingons a Sourcebook and Character Generation Supplement (First Edition)
stock: 2002
isbn: 0-931787-06-8
cover: 2002.png
layout: product.liquid
tags: 
  - product
  - game
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Product
  parent: Listing
---
M0re than a sup le en . f 1s set provides
n©t ©mly a ©mp ete creation system for
Kl"mgon player characters, but complete technological,
cultural, and physiological background
of Klingons and their society. Klingons
are among the most fascinating of STAR
TREK's villains. Now, they make fascinating
player characters as well!
Even if you don't play Klingon characters,
you'll want this material for your Star Fleetbased
campaigning. STAR TREK enthusiasts
will welcome access to these never-before-revealed
secrets of the Klingon Empire!
The two-book set provides both a player
book and a gamemaster book, with the information
appropriately divided. While the Federation
knows more about the Klingons than any
other race, they still do not know everything.
Stock# 2002 ISBN# 0-931787-02-5

Take command of a starship maneuver the enemies of your race to gain the victory. Hide in asteroid fields, lay a trap with deadly gravitic mines, or battle for planets in this fast-paced, exciting game. 

This easy-tolearn combat role playing game includes 78 colorful playing pieces, a large 22" x 33" starfield map, rulebook, record-keeping panels and counters, and a 20-sided die. 

Four games in one, for two or more players ages 12 and up. The 64-page rulebook includes the rules, scenarios, and ship data for Basic, Advanced, and Expert Starship Tactics and for the Command & Control versions of the game.

### Contents

- 64 page rulebook
- *The Natural Order* adventure
- *Intrusion* adventure
- 20 page book of bridge panels for use with #2001 STAR TREK the Role Playing Game (First Edition) 
- 12 combat panels
- 3 generic player combat panels 
- 3 gamemaster combat panels 
- 112 color markers, ship counters, klingon characters and combat markers